feat: support ops module (#15)
gelatodigital/ops-sdk: README.md

  interval?: number;        // execution interval in seconds
  startTime?: number;       // start timestamp in seconds or 0 to start immediately (default: 0)

  // Proxy caller
  proxy?: boolean;          // executions will be routed through proxy for extra safety.

  // Single execution task
  singleExec?: boolean;     // task cancels itself after 1 execution if true.

>   // Polywrap params
>   polywrapHash?: string;    // ipfs hash of polywrap.
>   polywrapArgs?: 

Reviewer: We should maybe name those parameter more like "off-chain resolver" instead of `polywrap`

```suggestion
  // Off-chain resolver params (using polywrap)
  offChainResolverHash?: string;    // ipfs hash of your polywrap resolver.
  offChainResolverArgs?: 
```
